Chuu’s ‘Heart Attack’ MV LOOΠΔ TV START!!
HaSeul: Hello!
HaSeul: (Step 1) This is
Chuu: (Step 3) The MV site for…
Kim LIp & Yves: Chuu's...
(YOU FAILED!)
Chuu: I have to say ‘The MV site for Chuu’s Heart Attack’…
Chuu: My heart is pounding and pounding...
Chuu: Because the studio is so beautiful…
Yves: You don’t wear outfits for MV shooting yet…
Chuu: Aren’t you curious about how I’ll change?
(Now Yves is even sharing her video editing idea!)
Yves: Jump and change like….
HaSeul: Let's get started!
All: 3, 2, 1!
HaSeul: He will not edit this!! 100%!! I know him!!
(HaSeul & Kim Lip. Two leaders know too well how LOOΠΔ TV works…)
(But you guys better do it again, just in case!)
All: 3, 2, 1!
(Mission success!)
Chuu: Wow, how can it be possible?
Yves: I’m still changing clothes!!
(Time to show a part of ‘Heart Attack’ choreography!)
Chuu: 4, 3, 2, 1!
#Now Playing "LOOΠΔ/Chuu - Heart Attack"
(Where are you going, Chuu?)
Chuu: Please follow this dance move!
(But the dance move doesn’t have a name yet…)
Kim Lip: Fighting!
Kim Lip: See you!
Chuu: See you~